Security page clean up (#504)
ethereum-optimism/community-hub: src/docs/security-model/bounties.md

---
title: Bug Bounties
lang: en-US
---

## Optimism Bug Bounty Program

Optimism takes security seriously and as such, we have a massive bug bounty program. We don't just talk about it either! We have given out one of the [largest bounty payouts ever](https://medium.com/ethereum-optimism/disclosure-fixing-a-critical-bug-in-optimisms-geth-fork-a836ebdf7c94)! You can read more about that bug [here](https://www.saurik.com/optimism.html). Below are the various bug bounty programs we have, as well as how to reach out to us if your bug is not covered by an existing bounty. 

### Main Bounty Page

Optimism has a very detailed [Bug bounty Page on Immunefi](https://immunefi.com/bounty/optimism/). In the listing you can find all the information relating to assets in scope, reporting, and the payout process. 

### Bedrock Bounty

With our upcoming launch of [Bedrock](../developers/bedrock.md) we will be launching a specific buy bounty program. Follow our [Twitter](https://twitter.com/optimismFND) or keep an eye on [Immunefi](https://immunefi.com/bounty/optimism/) for more information.

### Unscoped Bug

> If you think you have found a critical or major bug that is not covered by our existing bug bounty, please email us at **security@optimism.io** and we will get back to you. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you think you have found a critical or major bug that is not covered by our existing bug bounty, please report it to us via the Immunefi program regardless.
```

Author: No seems good, adding.
